Update mainnet-beta.mdx (#107)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/mainnet-beta.mdx

### Some Words of Caution

> - **Why Mainnet "Beta?"; Current De/Centralization State**: Arbitrum One and Nova have their full feature sets that you'll see described in these docs fully implemented and live: fraud proofs, permissionless usage, you name it. That said, given that Arbitrum is still a new, cutting edge, and complex system, we currently maintain various levels of control over the chains while they're still in this early Beta phase; this includes contract upgradeability, the ability to pause the system, and validator whitelisting. We believe temporarily maintaining these capabilities is the only responsible way to launch while we continue to harden our system; as we progressively become decentralized, these controls will be phased and eventually eliminated entirely.

Reviewer: ty! this was the intent:

```suggestion
- **Why Mainnet "Beta?"; Current De/Centralization State**: Arbitrum One and Nova have their full feature sets that you'll see described in these docs fully implemented and live: fraud proofs, permissionless usage, you name it. That said, given that Arbitrum is still a new, cutting edge, and complex system, we currently maintain various levels of control over the chains while they're still in this early Beta phase; this includes contract upgradeability, the ability to pause the system, and validator whitelisting. We believe temporarily maintaining these capabilities is the only responsible way to launch while we continue to harden our system; as we progressively decentralize, these controls will be phased and eventually eliminated entirely.
```
